So, there’s this proper old geezer, Grey Mare, who pops round to see a little fella called Hairy Plates in the Bottle ‘n’ Cork. The Bottle ‘n’ Cork’s like your local quiet manor, all green roundabouts and folks having a knees-up with a bit of Kew Gardens. Now, Hairy Plates has got himself in a bit of a two and eight, ‘cause his Uncle Bingo Bash has Tom & Jerry'd and left behind a bit of Tom Foolery that’s proper Hank Marvin.
Turns out this Tom Foolery belongs to the ultimate dodgy tea leaf, Sore Boat, who’s been after it for donkey's ears. If Sore Boat gets his mitts on it, the whole of Middle ‘Arf is gonna go proper Pete Tong. So Grey Mare tells Hairy Plates, "You gotta ginger beer it to the Dancing Tony, meet up with some of me titfer tatters."
So off goes Hairy Plates with his best mate Spud ‘n’ Chips, and two jokers, Pint ‘n’ Shandy. On the way, they're dodging the Black Mariahs – spooky blokes who work for Sore Boat and ain’t after a lift to the Rub-a-Dub.
At the Dancing Tony, they meet Ladder – a proper geezer who’s handy with a Britney Spears. He’s been sent by Grey Mare to help them get to the Point ‘n’ Tickle, where they meet Iron Robber – top bloke, bit mystical, knows his potatoes. They form a sausage and mash to take the Tom Foolery to Mount Boom ‘n’ Bust and chuck it in the fire and smoke, where it can be properly done in.
So off they trot with Legless, who’s a dab hand with the old Robin Hood; Grim Reaper, a lad who’s all about smashing things up; and Borrowed Time, who’s a bit dodgy and gets ideas about nicking the Tom Foolery. They have a right old tear-up with some proper nasties – Ornery Chaps and a big King Kong. But things go south when Borrowed Time gets greedy, and the sausage and mash splits up.
Hairy Plates and Spud ‘n’ Chips head off on their Billy No-Mates to Mount Boom ‘n’ Bust, while Ladder, Legless, and Grim Reaper start chasing after Pint ‘n’ Shandy, who’ve been nabbed by a bunch of Ornery Chaps. Meanwhile, Hairy Plates and Spud ‘n’ Chips get followed by Gollum the Greengrocer, who used to have the Tom Foolery and ain’t all there upstairs, if you know what I mean.
After all sorts of muck ‘n’ brass, including a barney at Helter Skelter (big fortress job), they all end up in Top Drawer (fancy manor with big walls). There, Ladder takes his rightful place as the main man, and they have a final dust-up with Sore Boat’s sausage and mash to give Hairy Plates time to chuck the Tom Foolery in the fire.
In the end, Hairy Plates can’t quite do it, but Gollum the Greengrocer, being his usual mad self, bites off Hairy’s finger ‘n’ thumb and falls into the fire with the Tom Foolery, doing himself in and finishing the job. Sore Boat’s done for, the world’s saved, and Ladder becomes the top banana.
Hairy Plates and Spud ‘n’ Chips head back to the Bottle ‘n’ Cork for a bit of peace and quiet, but it’s all gone a bit Pete Tong thanks to some bad apples and pears. So they sort that out, have a pig's ear, and Hairy Plates, being a bit cream-crackered from all the palaver, sails off with the Point ‘n’ Tickle lot to a place where he can have a nice long kip.
